Add GetPermittedStorage and handle in in the media store  (Lombiq Technologies: OSOE-925) (#18878)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: src/docs/releases/3.0.0.md

Font Awesome was updated to version 7.0.0. Some changes may be required in your templates. Please follow the instructions from [the changelog](https://fontawesome.com/changelog).

### Media Library

> The `Admin > Media > Library` screen now includes an "Available Storage" indicator. If the media items are stored on the local file system, it automatically shows the free disk space on the drive used for storage. The available storage is checked when uploading or copying files in the media store, to give a more informative warning when the space is exhausted. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Admin → Media → Library screen now includes an "Available Storage" indicator. If the media items are stored on the local file system, it automatically shows the free disk space on the drive used for storage. The available storage is checked when uploading or copying files in the media store, to give a more informative warning when the space is exhausted. 
```

Font Awesome was updated to version 7.0.0. Some changes may be required in your templates. Please follow the instructions from [the changelog](https://fontawesome.com/changelog).

### Media Library

The Admin > Media > Library screen now includes an "
Available Storage" indicator. If the media items are stored on the local file system, it automatically shows the free disk space of the drive used for file storage. The available storage is checked when uploading or copying files in the media store, to give a more informative warning when the space is exhausted. 

> If you use a different underlying file store (e.g. Azure Blob storage, Amazon AWS), or if you want to enforce additional storage constraints (i.e. usage quotas) that's also possible. Create a new event handler that implements the `IMediaEventHandler.MediaPermittedStorageAsync(MediaPermittedStorageContext)` method. Note that if you want to use multiple event handlers, you should update the `PermittedStorage` value using the `MediaPermittedStorageContext.Constrain(long)` method instead of manually editing the value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `Admin > Media > Library` screen now includes an "
Available Storage" indicator. If the media items are stored on the local file system, the media player automatically shows the free disk space on the drive used for storage. The available storage is checked when uploading or copying files in the media store, to give a more informative warning when the space is exhausted. 

If you use a different underlying file store (e.g., Azure Blob storage, Amazon AWS), or if you want to enforce additional storage constraints (i.e., usage quotas), that's also possible. Create a new event handler that implements the `IMediaEventHandler.MediaPermittedStorageAsync(MediaPermittedStorageContext)` method. Note that if you want to use multiple event handlers, you should update the `PermittedStorage` value using the `MediaPermittedStorageContext.Constrain(long)` method rather than manually editing it.
```
